Revise why.mdx and architecture.mdx (#3)
edtr-io/docs: v1.1.0/docs/01-why.mdx

# Why?

Edtr.io was born from the needs of the learning platform
[serlo.org](https://serlo.org/) and with all the experience we gathered from
creating educational resources by a diverse group of authors.

We tried out a lot of other editing libraries before we settled on creating our
own (like [Slate](https://www.slatejs.org/) or
[Draft.js](https://draftjs.org/)). However we noticed that the rich text part is
only a small (albeit very important) foundation of what we need.

When creating interactive learning resources, we need more functionality than a

> rich text library can offer. Take for example multiple choice exercises and

Reviewer: Not a big fan of this wording. It's not like rich-text frameworks can't do that but it would be super annoying. So, for me, it's more that we provide better abstractions suited to those use cases instead of a larger feature set. An analogy would be to compare an Assembly language to a higher-level programming language: You can still do anything in Assembly, but better abstractions will increase your productivity where you don't need the low-level control.

Author: `we need a better abstraction than a rich text library can offer`?

interactive learning games: Providing a great editing experience for these often
requires us to have a tight control over the user experience. Trying to achieve
that with a rich text library like Slate was hard:

- Since Slate plugins are build around rich text editing, you often have to deal
  with rather low-level details like text selection.
- For Slate to do its magic, you also have to adhere to a couple of assumptions.
  Depending on what you want to render, you might break something (e.g. your

>   plugin loses it's focus).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  plugin loses its focus).
```

> These reasons lead us to build with Edtr.io an abstraction layer on top of that:

Reviewer: This sentence reads weird. It's probably the `build with [...] an [...]` part that might be incorrect. Don't have a better wording right now. Is the "with Edtr.io" part necessary?

# Why?

Edtr.io was born from the needs of the learning platform
[serlo.org](https://serlo.org/) and with all the experience we gathered from
creating educational resources by a diverse group of authors.

We tried out a lot of other editing libraries before we settled on creating our
own (like [Slate](https://www.slatejs.org/) or
[Draft.js](https://draftjs.org/)). However we noticed that the rich text part is
only a small (albeit very important) foundation of what we need.

> When creating interactive learning resources, we need a better suited
> abstraction for editing than the one a rich text library can offer. It's like
> the comparision between Assembly and a high level programming language: With
> Edtr.io you will have a better productivity since you do not need to deal with
> the low level details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating interactive learning resources, we need a better abstraction
for developing editing experiences that are not primarily dealing with rich text.
It's similar to comparing Assembly with a high-level programming language: With
Edtr.io you will have increased productivity since you do not have to deal with
low-level details in most cases.
```

> Take for example multiple choice exercises and interactive learning games:
> Providing a great editing experience for these often requires us to have a tight
> control over the user experience. Trying to achieve that with a rich text
> library like Slate is hard, because:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take for example multiple choice exercises and interactive learning games:
Providing a great editing experience for such use cases often requires us to have a tight
control over the user experience. Trying to achieve that with a rich text
library like Slate is hard, because:
```

- Since Slate plugins are build around rich text editing, you often have to deal
  with rather low-level details like text selection.
- For Slate to do its magic, you also have to adhere to a couple of assumptions.
  Depending on what you want to render, you might break something (e.g. your
  plugin loses its focus).

> These reasons lead us to build Edtr.io which is an abstraction layer on top of
> that: A composable plugin system representing a tree of content elements where
> rich text is only contained in the leaf nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These reasons lead us to build Edtr.io as an abstraction layer on top of
that: A composable plugin system representing a tree of content elements where
rich text is only contained in the leaf nodes.
```
